.TH PUF 1
.SH DRAFT

.SH NAME
puf \- seal and unseal secrets using PUFlib PUFs

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B puf
[OPTIONS]
COMMAND
[...]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B puf
may be used to seal and unseal secrets using the PUF modules made available by PUFlib.
To find the modules that are available, see
.BR pufctl (1).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print a short help text and exit.
.TP
.BR \-o " " \fIFILE\fR ", " \-\-output " " \fIFILE\fR
Output is written to \fIFILE\fR. Otherwise, stdout.
.TP
.BR \-I ", " \-\-input\-base64
Input data is encoded in base64. Otherwise, raw.
.TP
.BR \-O ", " \-\-output\-base64
Output data is encoded in base64. Otherwise, raw.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.BR seal " " \fIMODULE\fR " " \fIINPUT\fR
Seal the file \fIINPUT\fR using \fIMODULE\fR, with encrypted data to stdout or a specified output file.
\fIINPUT\fR may be \- to use standard input.
.TP
.BR unseal " " \fIMODULE\fR " " \fIINPUT\fR
Unseal the file \fIINPUT\fR using \fIMODULE\fR, with decrypted data to stdout or a specified output file.
\fIINPUT\fR may be \- to use standard input.
.TP
.BR chal " " \fIMODULE\fR " " \fIINPUT\fR
Pass \fIINPUT\fR to \fIMODULE\fR's raw challenge-response interface; send output to stdout or a specified output file.
Note that each module implements this interface differently, and the requirements for data may vary.
Many modules expect one or a sequence of 32-bit integers, delievered in binary, and return the same.
The response from this is generally a module-specific implementation of "puf(hash(input))".

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR pufctl (1)
