.TH PUFCTL 1
.SH DRAFT

.SH NAME
pufctl \- manage and provision PUFlib PUFs

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pufctl
[OPTIONS]
COMMAND
[...]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pufctl
may be used to manage and provision the PUF modules made available by PUFlib.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print a short help text and exit.
.TP
.BR \-\-non\-interactive
Automate the process of provisioning. Each module may implement
this option however it sees fit. Beware that using this option may result in
behavior such as system reboots. If a module does not support full
non-interactive mode, pufctl will fail with a nonzero exit code and an error
message on stderr.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.BR list
List all PUF modules, including unprovisioned modules and modules that do not
support the current hardware.
.TP
.BR provisioned
List available, provisioned PUF modules.
.TP
.BR provision " " \fIMODULE\fR
Provision \fIMODULE\fR. Note that this may be a multi-step interactive process,
and will vary from module to module.
.TP
.BR continue " " \fIMODULE\fR
Continue provisioning \fIMODULE\fR. This may be required if a module's
provisioning process requires you to log out or reboot.
.TP
.BR deprovision " " \fIMODULE...\fR
Deprovision modules, deleting their stored data. In order to use them again,
they will have to be reprovisioned.
.TP
.BR disable " " \fIMODULE...\fR
Temporarily disable modules from being used by puflib, without deprovisioning
them.
.TP
.BR enable " " \fIMODULE...\fR
Re-enable modules that were disabled previously.
